hello I am Master Chief welcome to
master chief sucks at fam niall episode
43 first off I wanted to give a shout
out two three five six car for being a
loyal fan for almost two years thanks
man what the hell bad you rented forza
motorsports three from blockbuster why
didn't you ran super mario galaxy 2 or
some of the other games that came out
recently I know I hate blockbuster I was
looking forward to new games to rent
since a lot of games came out recently
but blockbuster didn't have anything
first they forgot to display the copies
of super mario galaxy 2 not they
received then when I brought a copy of
Alan wait to the counter the cashier did
that thing where they say that they
don't have a game and stock even though
they show the display box blockbuster
subs why are you renting games anyway
don't you have enough money to buy them
it's a gamer thing you wouldn't
understand but I anyway let's get to the
fan mail hello fan 2233 asked Master
Chief have you ever been to Australia
yes and I can tell you it was a fucking
nightmare at first I had that crazy wild
ambition like everyone else you know
asking where you want to go to Australia
even though you don't know why you want
to go there 10 minutes after arriving in
Australia I was fighting off two
kangaroos who are trying to steal my
luggage those kangaroos are fucking
crazy the hotel manager just lets those
wild animals run around in the lobby if
they like you they won't bother you but
if they made you they will make your
life a living hell as you can probably
imagine they hated me they were
constantly punching me in the balls when
I wasn't looking and threw me out into
the hallway while I was taking a shower
a naked white guy with a bunch of drunk
shampoo in his hair holding a bar of
soap it's pretty god damn scary for the
other desks in addition to the Kangaroos
it's fucking dangerous in Australia I
went on a hiking trip through the
outback and I almost died
x first the tour guide tried to shut me
off of a cliff after i wouldn't shut up
then a poisonous snake bit me while I
was climbing a steep hill and I lost my
concentration and fell 600 feet straight
down Australian sucks done Slater 360
asked master chief who is your biggest
an elite on each next-generation console
if I had to pick an enemy on xbox 360 it
would have to be myself I'm so popular
that I have to compete with myself
okay fine I'll
somebody I would have to go without
knife from skate 3 who wears short
shorts and tries to teach you how to
play the game I know that guy is out to
get my job done ps3 I'm gonna have to go
with one of those that people from
little big planet wow I can't believe I
just said that my enemy is a brown sack
anyway those little guys may seem
harmless but they want me dead I can
feel it don't we as much as I want to
say merry oh I'm gonna have to say sam
owes you know she wears a ton of armor
uses really cool weapons and causes
havoc she stole all the ideas for her
character from me elma dad that's
impossible that sama stole from your
character metroid was created before
halo what did you say something like
border three last two Master Chief and
Cortana are you Obama supporters or
haters PS stem we loved murdering you
with bse's don't see you don't find the
attention amusing I'm sure Sam loves it
he's an attention whore one time he ran
out in the middle of Disneyland after i
canna mickey mouse suit just to get
everybody to notice him um dad you were
the one who did that oh um awkward
anyway door head and answer the question
Cortana I'm all for Obama I think he's
doing a great job with reforming hell
yeah blah blah blah whatever i'm an
obama supporter for a few reasons first
the economy is getting better and
America seems to have better relations
with foreign countries wow that actually
seems like a reasonable arguments just
kidding I fucking hate Obama I just
generally don't like him I'm not racist
or anything I just made all politicians
for some reason I enjoy dating leaders I
don't know why okay fine Obama's doing
pretty good but fix the oil spill man I
want to go skinny-dipping in Miami for
spring break and I don't want to worry
about possibly leaving the beach with a
mutated third arm coming
out of my forehead just saying our final
question is from 0 2 to 4 Spartan he
asked how did you get so famous on
YouTube PS them stop crying like a bitch
and take the pain did you hear that Sam
stop being a bitch anyway it didn't take
much to become famous on YouTube I think
it was my huge charisma that won
everybody over I mean look at me I'm
freaking awesome
anyway all joking aside it was a hard
road filled with blood sweat and dry and
you upload to YouTube during site
maintenance that was frightening enough
I did some things I'm not proud of made
some deals with some shady characters
and sold my body for money
don't you dare stare at me court on all
you did it too anyway I worked hard kept
going even when people didn't like my
videos and now I finally have a small
following it's not a lot but I'm damn
proud of it all right I not ago they
some people at starbucks you watch my
videos do you guys want anything I'll
take a toll cafe americano I'll have a
cinnamon spice frappuccino I'm pretty
sure they discontinued that drink